# Naut-Internship

## Software handle
### Type helloworld bingli on Nemobot

## About
The Nemoji Language Tutor is a facebook messenger based chatbot that teaches users common words in 6 different languages. Users can choose from 5 categories of words (food, animal, transportaion, expressions, and location) and learn the vocabularies in them in 6 popular languages (Arabic, Chinese, French, Italian, Japanese, and Spanish). In addition to having audio with pronunciations, what makes Nemoji different from other language-learning chatbots is its frequent use of cute emojis. We also have a quiz section that not only test the users' learning, but also teaches them how to apply their newly-learned vocabularies into sentence structure.

## Purpose
Nemoji Language Tutor is created to encourage young children to learn new languages by minimizing the appearance of lengthy definitions and replacing them with cute, eye-catching emojis. There has been a lot of negative press on how emojis are "ruining the English language." Google, in fact, commissioned a study that found 94% of adults (between 18-65) agreed that there had been a decline in the correct use of the English language because of emojis. However, there is no research to prove this common belief. Therefore, we want to look more closely at the effect of emojis on learning languages through the language tutor game. Will emojis paired with words and audios help young children, instead of hurting them, when learning languages (especially in learning the meaning of words compared to a traditional dictionary definition)? What language is the most compatible with emojis (phonetic ones like English or pictorial ones like Chinese)? We hope to collect data to either debunk or support this common belief

## Improvement from v1:
   * Expanded vocabulary base from 20 to 450 words. 
   * Expanded language branches from just Chinese to 5 more additional languages
   * Wrote functions to condense code and increase modularity
   * Increase the frequency of emojis and include audio files of words' pronunciations
   
## Challenges Overcame
   * We realized that we can't maintain a data structure in Nemobot because a chatbot works like a Markov chain (could only remember the most recent state) and that the only way to pass information from one state to next is through the payload property which only accepts string. We overcame this challenge by having a separate excel sheet that contains the vocabularies, their English translations and audio files that our program can read as strings.
   * We also realized that Nemobot limit the libraries we can import. The say functions Javascript only outputs audio with urls pointed directly to pure mp3 files (no HTML/CSS), so we first planned to use the Google text-to-speech API but we cannot import the fs and util libraries through Nemobot, we figured out how to use Google text-to-speech without importing anything. We hunted for the audio files generated by the API through inspecting the elements on Google Translate, and shortened the urls pointed to the pure mp3 files. 
   
## Future Plans
   * We'd love to figure out a way to collect user performance without using the Nemobot quiz platform. In the nemobot quiz platform, we can write a question and based on user's response to that question we can generate graphs to analyze the results. However, we are unable to integrate the quiz platform with our game, which defeats the purpose of exposing the users to frequent appearances of emojis while learning a new language. Also, the current quiz control panel is static, which means the quiz we generated at the end are not adaptive to the words that the users learned.
   * We'd love to host our game outside of messenger (in our own server), because there is age restriction on the user. We'd love to see how younger children (4-10), who are much more receptive with communicating in emojis, perform on this language game. We also want to host our game in an external server because there would be less restrictions on the libraries we can import, which would make automating this game much easier.
   
## Resources
   * Spreadsheet of all vocabularies: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1M6bjvTotXuWWtxYSnGdIC2prTvircR3n8ezibm6XESo/edit?usp=sharing
   * Nemobot Conventions: 
       * https://gist.github.com/hkalexling/744d49fdcd0b544b4cd5cad21b7d6af6
       * https://algebragame.github.io/GamePlatform/
       * https://gist.github.com/hotokokoa/255d4619e35e8137ddcb1e763a158074
       * https://gist.github.com/hkalexling/3effef2fb4d3bfb3179d653953aac391
